---
title:  "The beginning"
published: true
permalink: /welcome-ritchieng/
summary: "This marks the start of my journey writing about my journey as a programmer specialising in data science, machine learning and algorithmic trading."
tags: [news]
---

## Who am I?
 
After a year and a half majoring in finance in Business School, National University of Singapore, I will be completing my final semester as a business student after I am back in early 2017 and moving on to my postgraduate experience in Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy expanding my knowledge in econometrics. I enjoyed my time restructuring debts and raising money in my first year in NUS. But I enjoy being a newbie software developer even more.

I have started a few start-ups since I was 12. Some failed, some succeeded. In search of the big one, I just kept swimming. Remember Dory in Finding Nemo? “Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do? We swim, swim.”

The point is to let anyone out there know that regardless of what you are studying or currently working as, you can do anything. In fact, I think the combination of BBA, MPP and programming is a weird combination. Just do it. It is going to be a colossal challenge. But what is life without a challenge?

## What is the purpose of this website?
It is to document all my notes and guides that I have created and will create in the near future in the areas of Machine Learning, Data Science and Algorithmic Trading.

I built this website using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Javascript, Jekyll and Github Pages. It is proudly hosted for free using Github Pages. It is challenging to serve this website entirely using static pages, but I managed to figure a way out and this documentation-style website is nearly perfect for my intention.

I will feature these favourite programming languages on top of the three major areas:
<br />

* Python

* Octave

* Java

* Javascript

* HTML5

* CSS3

* Meteor

* ReactJS

* SCSS

<br />
And so I begin...

<br />
<br />
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
     *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
     *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables
     */
    /*
    var disqus_config = function () {
        this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
        this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    */
    (function() {  // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
        var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');

        s.src = '//ritchieng.disqus.com/embed.js';

        s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
        (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript" rel="nofollow">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>

